                              AsterIDE Code of Conduct

   1. Our Commitment.

      In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we
      as contributors and maintainers pledge to make participation in the
      AsterIDE project and its community a harassment-free experience for
      everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, sex
      characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience,
      education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance,
      race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

   2. Our Standards.

      Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment
      include:

      (a) Using welcoming and inclusive language
      (b) Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
      (c) Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
      (d) Focusing on what is best for the community
      (e) Showing empathy toward other community members

      Examples of unacceptable behavior include:

      (a) The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual
        attention or advances
      (b) Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or
        political attacks
      (c) Public or private harassment
      (d) Publishing others’ private information without explicit permission
      (e) Any other conduct which could reasonably be considered
        inappropriate in a professional setting

   3. Our Responsibilities.

      Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying standards of
      acceptable behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair
      corrective action in response to any instances of unacceptable
      behavior.

      Maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
      reject comments, commits, code, issues, and other contributions that
      are not aligned to this Code of Conduct.

   4. Scope.

      This Code of Conduct applies within all project spaces, including
      GitHub repositories, issue trackers, pull requests, discussion forums,
      and any other spaces where the AsterIDE community interacts.

      It also applies when an individual is officially representing the
      project in public spaces.

   5. Enforcement.

      Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior
      may be reported to the project maintainers.

      All complaints will be reviewed and investigated in a manner that is
      fair and consistent.

      Maintainers are obligated to maintain confidentiality regarding the
      reporter of an incident.

      Further details of specific enforcement policies may be communicated
      separately by the maintainers.

   6. Attribution.

      This Code of Conduct is adapted from common open-source community
      standards, including the Contributor Covenant.
