                        Contributing to AsterIDE 🌸

   Thanks for your interest in contributing to AsterIDE. This project aims
   to remain minimal, clean, and well-structured—so all contributions
   should follow the guidelines below.

   1. Development Environment.

      It is strongly preferred to develop within a Nix development shell.

      This ensures:

      (a) consistent dependencies
      (b) reproducible builds
      (c) avoidance of environment-specific issues

      If a flake.nix or shell.nix is provided, use one of the following:

         nix develop

      or:

         nix-shell

   2. Commit Message Format.

      All commits must follow this format:

         type: <file + info>

      Supported commit types:

         create:  new files or features
         update:  modifications to existing code
         fix:     bug fixes
         chore:   maintenance, cleanup, non-functional changes
         remove:  deleting code or files
         format:  formatting changes (no logic changes)
         nix:     Nix configuration changes
         rust:    Rust-specific improvements or refactors

      Examples:

         create: add buffer insert_char function
         create: implement basic file loader

         update: improve cursor movement logic
         update: optimize buffer line insertion

         fix: panic when inserting at end of line
         fix: cursor overflow on empty buffer

         chore: clean up unused imports
         chore: reorganize project structure

         remove: delete deprecated buffer module
         remove: remove unused helper functions

         format: apply rustfmt to entire project
         format: fix indentation in editor module

         nix: add dev shell with rust toolchain
         nix: update flake inputs and dependencies

         rust: refactor editor struct initialization
         rust: improve error handling with Result

   3. Code Style.

      (a) Keep code minimal and readable
      (b) Avoid unnecessary abstractions
      (c) Prefer simple and explicit logic
      (d) Maintain a clear separation between core and editor logic

   4. Pull Requests.

      (a) Keep pull requests focused and small
      (b) Provide a clear description of changes and reasoning
      (c) Ensure the project builds and runs before submitting

   5. Testing (Future).

      As the project evolves:

      (a) tests will be required for core functionality
      (b) avoid introducing breaking changes to existing behavior

   6. Philosophy.

      AsterIDE is built around:

      (a) simplicity
      (b) performance
      (c) control

      Any change that adds complexity must be justified and should include
      consideration of simpler alternatives.

   END OF CONTRIBUTING GUIDE